web_debranding/README.rst, before:

Backend debranding
==================

Removes references to odoo.com:

1. Deletes Odoo label in footer
2. Replaces "Odoo" in page title
3. Replaces "Odoo" in help message for empty list
4. *(feature is not required in 9.0+ versions)*
5. Deletes Documentation, Support, About links. Adds "Developer mode" link to the top right-hand User Menu.
6. Replaces default logo by empty image
7. Replaces "Odoo" in Dialog Box
8. Replaces "Odoo" in strings marked for translation.
9. Replaces default favicon to a custom one
10. **Hides Apps menu** (by default, only admin (superuser) can see Apps menu. You could change it via tick "Show Modules Menu" in user's access rights tab)
11. Disables server requests to odoo.com (publisher_warranty_url) - optional. Works only for non-enterprise versions of odoo, check `note <#enterprise-users-notice>`__ below.
12. Deletes "My odoo.com account" button
13. Deletes Apps and other blocks from Settings/Dashboard
14. Replaces "Odoo" in planner
15. Replaces footer in planner to a custom one.
16. Deletes "Odoo" in a request message for permission desktop notifications. Replaces "Odoo" and icon in desktop notifications
17. [ENTERPRISE] Deletes odoo logo in application switcher
18. Hides Enterprise features in Settings
19. Replaces "Odoo" in all backend qweb templates (e.g. FAQ in import tool)
20. Replaces "odoo.com" in hints, examples, etc.
21. Rename "OdooBot" to "Bot". Use company's logo as bot avatar

By default the module replaces "Odoo" to "Software". To configure
module open Settings\\System Parameters and modify

* ``web_debranding.new_title`` (put space in value if you don't need Brand in Title)
* ``web_debranding.new_name`` (your Brand)
* ``web_debranding.new_website`` (your website)
* ``web_debranding.favicon_url``
* ``web_debranding.send_publisher_warranty_url`` - set 0 to disable server requests to odoo.com and 1 otherwise (useful for enterprise contractors). Works only for non-enterprise versions of odoo, check `note <#enterprise-users-notice>`__ below.
* ``web_debranding.planner_footer``

Note. More user friendly way to configure the module is available in `Brand Kit <https://apps.odoo.com/apps/modules/9.0/theme_kit/>`__.

Further debranding
==================

* open addons/mail/data/mail_data.xml and edit Template "Notification Email" -- delete "using Odoo"
* install **website_debranding** module if module "Website Builder" is installed in your system
* install **pos_debranding** module if module "POS" is installed in your system
* delete "Odoo.com Accounts" record at Settings\\Users\\OAuth Providers if module "OAuth2 Authentication" is installed. in your system
* to debrand **/web/database/manager**:

  * edit addons/web/views/database_manager.html file:

    * delete or modify <title> tag
    * delete or modify favicon
    * delete or modify <img> tag with logo2.png
    * delete or modify paragraph <p>Fill in this form to create an Odoo database...</p>
    * delete or modify warning <div class="alert alert-warning">Warning, your Odoo database ...</div>

Auto-debrand new databases
==========================
To automatically install this module for every new databases set **'auto_install': True** in __openerp__.py files of following modules:

* web_debranding
* ir_rule_protected
* access_restricted
* access_apps
* access_settings_menu
* mail (built-in)
* base_setup (built-in)
* bus (built-in)

Tested on Odoo 10.0 b2804b1d2ae5fd7ec5c0eca79a8db77476badc84

Enterprise users notice
=======================

* `Terms of Odoo Enterprise Subscription Agreement <https://www.odoo.com/documentation/user/9.0/legal/terms/enterprise.html#customer-obligations>`_ don't allow to disable server requests to odoo.com. For this reason feature #11 doesn't work in Enterprise version.

Note
====

* You can also use our new extended `Brand Kit module <https://www.odoo.com/apps/modules/10.0/theme_kit>`_ to brand your odoo instance in few clicks.

Need our service?
=================

Contact us by `email <mailto:it@it-projects.info>`__ or fill out `request form <https://www.it-projects.info/page/website.contactus>`__:

* it@it-projects.info
* https://www.it-projects.info/page/website.contactus

Commit message:

[Fix] added support for apple devices

web_debranding/README.rst, after:

Backend debranding
==================

Removes references to odoo.com:

1. Deletes Odoo label in footer
2. Replaces "Odoo" in page title
3. Replaces "Odoo" in help message for empty list
4. *(feature is not required in 9.0+ versions)*
5. Deletes Documentation, Support, About links. Adds "Developer mode" link to the top right-hand User Menu.
6. Replaces default logo by empty image
7. Replaces "Odoo" in Dialog Box
8. Replaces "Odoo" in strings marked for translation.
9. Replaces default favicon to a custom one
10. **Hides Apps menu** (by default, only admin (superuser) can see Apps menu. You could change it via tick "Show Modules Menu" in user's access rights tab)
11. Disables server requests to odoo.com (publisher_warranty_url) - optional. Works only for non-enterprise versions of odoo, check `note <#enterprise-users-notice>`__ below.
12. Deletes "My odoo.com account" button
13. Deletes Apps and other blocks from Settings/Dashboard
14. Replaces "Odoo" in planner
15. Replaces footer in planner to a custom one.
16. Deletes "Odoo" in a request message for permission desktop notifications. Replaces "Odoo" and icon in desktop notifications
17. [ENTERPRISE] Deletes odoo logo in application switcher
18. Hides Enterprise features in Settings
19. Replaces "Odoo" in all backend qweb templates (e.g. FAQ in import tool)
20. Replaces "odoo.com" in hints, examples, etc.
21. Rename "OdooBot" to "Bot". Use company's logo as bot avatar
22. [ENTERPRISE] replace icons for android and apple devices to custom url

By default the module replaces "Odoo" to "Software". To configure
module open Settings\\System Parameters and modify

* ``web_debranding.new_title`` (put space in value if you don't need Brand in Title)
* ``web_debranding.new_name`` (your Brand)
* ``web_debranding.new_website`` (your website)
* ``web_debranding.favicon_url``
* ``web_debranding.send_publisher_warranty_url`` - set 0 to disable server requests to odoo.com and 1 otherwise (useful for enterprise contractors). Works only for non-enterprise versions of odoo, check `note <#enterprise-users-notice>`__ below.
* ``web_debranding.planner_footer``

Note. More user friendly way to configure the module is available in `Brand Kit <https://apps.odoo.com/apps/modules/9.0/theme_kit/>`__.

Further debranding
==================

* open addons/mail/data/mail_data.xml and edit Template "Notification Email" -- delete "using Odoo"
* install **website_debranding** module if module "Website Builder" is installed in your system
* install **pos_debranding** module if module "POS" is installed in your system
* delete "Odoo.com Accounts" record at Settings\\Users\\OAuth Providers if module "OAuth2 Authentication" is installed. in your system
* to debrand **/web/database/manager**:

  * edit addons/web/views/database_manager.html file:

    * delete or modify <title> tag
    * delete or modify favicon
    * delete or modify <img> tag with logo2.png
    * delete or modify paragraph <p>Fill in this form to create an Odoo database...</p>
    * delete or modify warning <div class="alert alert-warning">Warning, your Odoo database ...</div>

Auto-debrand new databases
==========================
To automatically install this module for every new databases set **'auto_install': True** in __openerp__.py files of following modules:

* web_debranding
* ir_rule_protected
* access_restricted
* access_apps
* access_settings_menu
* mail (built-in)
* base_setup (built-in)
* bus (built-in)

Tested on Odoo 10.0 b2804b1d2ae5fd7ec5c0eca79a8db77476badc84

Enterprise users notice
=======================

* `Terms of Odoo Enterprise Subscription Agreement <https://www.odoo.com/documentation/user/9.0/legal/terms/enterprise.html#customer-obligations>`_ don't allow to disable server requests to odoo.com. For this reason feature #11 doesn't work in Enterprise version.

Note
====

* You can also use our new extended `Brand Kit module <https://www.odoo.com/apps/modules/10.0/theme_kit>`_ to brand your odoo instance in few clicks.

Need our service?
=================

Contact us by `email <mailto:it@it-projects.info>`__ or fill out `request form <https://www.it-projects.info/page/website.contactus>`__:

* it@it-projects.info
* https://www.it-projects.info/page/website.contactus
