purchase_order_from_so/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-LGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl
   :alt: License: LGPL-3

=================================
 Purchase Orders from Sale Order
=================================

Creates Purchase Orders from Sale Order

Automatically take data from *Sale Order* and creates *Purchase Order*
Creates different orders for each vendor, specified in the wizard form

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------
* `Kolushov Alexandr <https://it-projects.info/team/KolushovAlexandr>`__

Sponsors
--------
* `IT-Projects LLC <https://it-projects.info>`__

Maintainers
-----------
* `IT-Projects LLC <https://it-projects.info>`__

      To get a guaranteed support you are kindly requested to purchase the module at `odoo apps store <https://apps.odoo.com/apps/modules/11.0/purchase_order_from_so/>`__.

      Thank you for understanding!

      `IT-Projects Team <https://www.it-projects.info/team>`__

Further information
===================

Demo: http://runbot.it-projects.info/demo/misc-addons/11.0

HTML Description: https://apps.odoo.com/apps/modules/11.0/purchase_order_from_so/

Usage instructions: `<doc/index.rst>`_

Changelog: `<doc/changelog.rst>`_

Tested on Odoo 11.0 90da0f5a64cda087a3487cfae52d416e314fae6b

Commit message:

[DEV] update of created p_orders, purch.view, fixes, etc

purchase_order_from_so/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-LGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl
   :alt: License: LGPL-3

=================================
 Purchase Orders from Sale Order
=================================

Creates Purchase Orders from Sale Order

Automatically take data from *Sale Order* and creates *Purchase Order*
Creates different orders for each vendor, specified in the wizard form.
Updates existed *Purchase order* if it was created for the same customer, vendor and *Sale Order*

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------
* `Kolushov Alexandr <https://it-projects.info/team/KolushovAlexandr>`__

Sponsors
--------
* `IT-Projects LLC <https://it-projects.info>`__

Maintainers
-----------
* `IT-Projects LLC <https://it-projects.info>`__

      To get a guaranteed support you are kindly requested to purchase the module at `odoo apps store <https://apps.odoo.com/apps/modules/11.0/purchase_order_from_so/>`__.

      Thank you for understanding!

      `IT-Projects Team <https://www.it-projects.info/team>`__

Further information
===================

Demo: http://runbot.it-projects.info/demo/misc-addons/11.0

HTML Description: https://apps.odoo.com/apps/modules/11.0/purchase_order_from_so/

Usage instructions: `<doc/index.rst>`_

Changelog: `<doc/changelog.rst>`_

Tested on Odoo 11.0 90da0f5a64cda087a3487cfae52d416e314fae6b
